### Introduce yourself
Hello everyone! My name is Hector Anaya. I'm excited to have finally finished this intro porject. It was a massive struggle, and I can't wait to struggle even more as a part of the mechatronix team.

## How it works
To begin, everytime you open a new termincal window you must use the command $source /opt/ros/foxy/setup.bash to be able to use ros2 commands.
To begin, clone this branch onto you local repo. in the branch you will see a workspace folder called IntroWorkspaceHectorAnaya. Within that workspace's src/ folder you will find three package folders: custom_interfaces, date_publisher, and epoch_publisher.
In order for the code to work, you must create a new workspace directory with an src/ directory. The name of the workspace is unimportant. After you create the new workspace, move or copy/paste the custom_interfaces, epoch_publisher, and date_publisher packages from IntroWorkSpaceHectorAnaya/src/ into the src/ of the workspace that you just made.
Run the colcon build command in the root workspace folder. Once the build is done, go ahead and use the command $ros2 run epoch_publisher epochtalker in one terminal window(remeber to source) and $ros2 run date_publisher datetalker in another.
After, you should see that the epochtalker window is printing the current date and time. And the datetalker window is printing the number of seconds since epoch(1/1/1970). This works by having each window run a node that subsribes and publishes to certain topics. the epochtalker node publishes the epochtime to the epoch_topic, which datetalker subsribes to. Once epochtalker recieves a message, it does some fancy math to convert the epochtime to readable human time. Once the epoch time is converted, datetalker publishes the human time to the date_topic topic. When epochtalker recieves a message from the date_topic topic, it prints it. 